here's an ad hack that will produce
instant sales it doesn't matter if
you're in b2b or b2c this works it works
so well i've been using it for over five
years and i haven't seen a slowdown from
it and best of all it's responsible for
six percent of my sales i know that
sounds small but every little bit adds
up and there really isn't a silver
bullet in marketing you have to combine
multiple tactics to get the results you
want so what is it neil
well it's a unique form of remarketing
now here's how most people use
remarketing and if you're not familiar
with it you'll understand
when someone comes to your website let's
say your home page and they don't buy
most people will remarket that visitor
that means they have a pixel on their
website through google or facebook and
they're saying hey whenever they're on
google or facebook or any of the
properties they control show them an ad
for my business to get and then someone
clicks
on that ad and then they go back to your
home page
what's wrong with that though
well if they went to your home page
and it didn't convince them to buy
sending them an ad that goes back to
your home page most the time won't
convince them to buy they already saw
everything on your home page and didn't
care so sending them back usually
doesn't work 99 of the time
now
here's how i do remarketing and it's a
big twist
and this video is short and to the point
because if you just go out and implement
it you're going to get results
look if someone visits your homepage or
product page or whatever offer page that
you have
you have coffee that tries to convince
them to buy that copy either logical or
emotional
right it has either facts and data or it
has a story that tries to appeal to your
emotion convince them to buy sometimes
you have a little bit of both
so what i do is if my product or service
or landing page was data driven logical
with fax and data and they didn't buy i
then show them a remarketing ad that is
emotional
and then sends them to a landing page
that sells that same product or service
but uses a motion to persuade him
because if logic didn't persuade him to
buy maybe emotions will on the flip side
if someone first comes to my website and
they land on a product or service page
that uses a motion to sell
and they weren't convinced to buy i use
a remarketing ad that has data and logic
and stats that then convinces them to
buy and the ad drives them to a landing
page that has all that data and stats
and testimonials and proof points that
says hey other people are satisfied you
will be too and here's all the data that
shows why
so when you do that you're much more
likely to generate the sale because
you're switching up your pitch in other
words if someone came to your website
they didn't purchase the first time you
can't get them back to your website and
use the same pitch all over again well
technically you can but it usually
doesn't work because it didn't work the
first time you got to switch it up and
try a different type of pitch and that's
how you make remarketing ads work if you
need help with your remarketing ads or
your paid ads check out my ad agency np
digital where we literally
manage
hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of
millions of dollars each and every
single year helping companies grow
faster through digital marketing if you
just have any questions leave a comment
below i'm here to help if you enjoy the
video like it share it tell the people
about it thanks for watching